add full stack tekton on openshift (#70)
IBM/KubeflowDojo: OpenShift/manifests/README.md

* Single-user

>   Use this [KfDef configuration](./kfctl_openshift_tekton.v1.1.0.yaml) file to deploy the minimal required components for single-user Kubeflow with Tekton pipeline.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Use this [KfDef configuration](./kfctl_openshift_tekton.v1.1.0.yaml) file to deploy Kubeflow with Kubeflow Pipelines-Tekton combination. Please note that this manifest is derived from OpenDataHub manifest for Kubeflow, and we have customized Kubeflow Pipelines with Tekton backend. Additionally this deployment doest not cover multi-user auth/authz scenario.
```

Reviewer: Additionally is it version 1.1? Should be KF 1.0?

Author: No, this is based on Kubeflow 1.1.0. Only copied the relative openshift-scc and openshift layers for several applications from odh. So all are in Kustomize v3.

Reviewer: hmmm - so KF 1.1 can run on OpenShift?

Author: Did not try KFP. But for Katib, Seldon etc I am using their manifests in v1.1-branch, i.e. I create an openshift kustomize v3 stack similar to IBM's one.
